hi guys welcome back to another video in
today's video it's going to be only
eating recommended serving sizes for the
next 24 hours I'm just going to take you
through like my day as well today never
look at serving sizes ever see I'm just
gonna get straight into it got a serious
bad hair I have not brushed my hair yet
but I just gone down so it's about
quarter past seven and quite angry right
now
literally I don't know enough for me I
think breakfast could be one of my
favorite meals of the day so I'm gonna
write it have a coffee I've been trying
to find out what the recommended amount
of coffee is different coffees have
different strengths than everything so
I'm not entirely sure what strength is
but they say I think the recommended
right is like 2 to 3 cups of coffee a
day which I think I have around that
sometimes more if I'm like retired or
whatever I haven't read to see what the
surgeon about as much usually I feel
they've all right Tom don't have any
grab so 30 grams is the recommended
amounts let's get the scales out so I've
just been googling and apparently it's
about half a cup is one serving of milk
it's about that
I don't normally eat punching up and not
have this in ages but I thought it'd be
a good example and it does taste really
nice it's just so sugary oh my god that
is 30 grams so I can still switch to the
spoon if I'm gonna have to I will always
fill it right the top that is ridiculous
how it's about 30 grams so that is the
most sugary cereal in the entire world
right there which is like when you've
just been in a suit how is that 30 grams
remember no sugar and ever if I'd go to
like school friend's house I think one
I'd have like of dinner with their
family oh and I always feel so hungry
cuz I don't I remember that daughter has
been so much smaller than like my dad
what he used to get give me and stuff
like that that is for me finish her
breakfast
that was not filling in the slightest to
actually shocked at that and I've had my
coffee I am going to head to the third
gym I'm gonna film whilst on their teeth
what's his hand in her nose yesterday it
literally rained all day long and just
remember wanting to eat crap food
whereas the Sun just gives me a new
sense of life bring you guys along and
we'll just go from there
[Music]
I've just got back from the gym I had to
rush back because I knew deliveries come
and delivery was coming and literally
sometimes I actually wonder why I'm dude
in the gym not today I must have been in
that an hour and a half and I didn't
finish my full session like how is that
possible
unless she I think I just go into like
my own little world or it must take me
like two minutes to do a rap awesome but
I would love to know why I spend so long
in there if I still did get a really
good work you know I was really sweating
and I've been refocusing on getting like
a mind to muscle connection lately and
it definitely has major difference I'm
really quite peckish now like I said
every single video you guys must know by
now how much I consume within a day now
I need to head to the shop and I'm gonna
find something to eat because I don't
have that much in that she would eat a
food truck two days ago and I'm pretty
sure Mason has just inhaled the entire
future up we did
[Music]
so I've just got back from the shops and
I've got all this stuff don't know if
I'm necessarily have a whole things
today but I just thought did a bit of
shopping from red wine casserole some
green and white chickpea bean salads and
beetroot salad and stir fry stir what a
melon a ginger shot some hummus rice
noodles and smashed up a card over I've
got a ginger shot the average serving is
the whole thing we're off to a good
start so far I was thinking it's gonna
be like you could only have half it's
quite a big shot as well I've just been
trying to google what recommended
serving sizes at 50 grams that doesn't
sound like a lot so I'm gonna weigh it
and so nice so this is your slippery but
it's 50 grams stop you shall have to
these little slithers because they're so
tiny it's already weird shaped bread but
look how small that is Suzi that will
probably all fit in my old I'm gonna
make smashed a burr on toast for my
lunch
I'm just been trying to find what the
recommended serving size for eggs needs
and it's one egg again who eats one egg
thirty I've never eaten one egg like
it's kind of a waste of time cooking and
Hank if you're just gonna have one in my
opinion about that cooking I'm going to
have some watermelon one recommend
serving by for watermelon is 100 grams
100 grams this 440 grams here that is
like when the size of a watermelon isn't
it like on holiday I always have I love
watermelon holder how long is that
you're in the sunshine you wake up in
the morning go down to Mike buffet
breakfast ah when I worked to season
abroad I'm literally just lived off it
like I'd buy a huge Waterman and just
have that breakfast and literally
rationing today no way it's 88 grand
that can't be right Charlie not there we
have it that is 100 grams of watermelon
when I usually eat the whole thing
the recommended serving size for avocado
is 50 gram not very much
here is my lunch which is very tiny i
collette slithering that's about two
mouthfuls would you say don't forget to
hit that like button Masha here I'm
subscribe well that's a relaxing two
minutes to eat first picked up these
yogurt rice cakes or a snack it's patty
contains six service there are six rice
cakes and obviously one rice cake here's
one serving holy
whoever I've never I've never ever had
this but one rice cake two or three so
just one of those in the kitchen this
time I'm gonna have coffee and snack
time to do the most successful shop
early Ron don't really fancy never rice
kept someone's gonna have some hummus
man gives like 30 grams so I don't know
how much or how little that
[Applause]
that's got to be Joey's that is like one
singular dip this size of her six I
think this is like 20 grams beat treat
so I actually love the truth absolutely
nothing I will literally normally have
like the half the entire pack of
beetroot salad I've never had this combo
of food in my entire life I don't know
why I've decided today was the day you
were wondering why sheathing beetroot
you can burn hummus oh the dressing gown
is now on and I'm in the fridge valuing
house literally just live in their
dressing gown it just goes on top of my
clothes it's the middle of June in the
UK and I'm still wearing a big fluffy
dressing-gown I've just turned Heaton's
right it's really cool today so I bought
these today it's a crispy sea Wheat
Thins wasabi flavor
so my friends been raving about that I
thought I'd try this this is one serving
size
I just been taking some pictures for my
home I can't do it here like having tea
at Olivia to raise home YC I have some
but these like obviously that I'm gonna
figure for anything but there's quite a
satisfying I love anything crunchy these
would be nice like sprinkled onto a meal
as well
oh that's a good idea I think miss
casserole serves to like I would always
usually if I'm gonna have something like
this I usually cook myself but tonight I
just thought I'd pick some that is to
see like what servants eyes would be he
would never share like a little round
thing like that that's crazy isn't it
and then
oh my goodness me would you believe that
it's three servings I mean little thing
three servings
this is licious making me contra pride
John are you so much
so ask for the needles this serves two
people is fair bit in that so I'm gonna
have 60 grams of this little salad thing
so that is 137 of noodles doesn't even
fill the whole plate like five noodles
they fill the entire plate here's dinner
which isn't it I mean it's definitely
literally at half my portion size I
didn't think I had this notion when I
was a child
seriously look this challenge has not
been too fun to be honest I feel quite
lean I just today to be honest had such
a really good shout out to Waitrose for
their readiness that was very tasty but
they're good I went to the shop and got
a bit of a snack I've got a dr. pepper
zero and arrow peppermint I haven't had
this in forever and I was actually
really intrigued to see what the serving
size would be like four pieces whoever
whoever does eat four pieces of arrow
chocolate like that that's just like
getting a taste for it oh that is
torturous my sort of average is
sometimes finish it wasn't here when you
sprayed of two seconds I'm gonna finish
my one thing once every half of us go
hmm so I've just filled this glass up
with half the dr. pepper so I'm gonna
end this video here that was actually
quite a tough challenge
gonna live because the portion sizes
were just teeny and I've just felt quite
hungry all day like I haven't really
felt full at all it's quite interesting
to see especially like with the Syrian
stuff just how little that is in that
portion size do know roughly how many
calories I have a day as I've tracked
previously and everything and ye
definitely fits in that we've sort of my
goals and I work out like five times a
week I'm going to do a video this week
as well just on like my on my current
gym routine and like my normal eating
habits like day-to-day but if you
haven't already don't forget to hit this
video with and like and subscribe to my
channel and I'll see you guys in the
next one